New resource/ data source `azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server` (#11081)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/postgresql_flexible_server.html.markdown

---

A `maintenance_window` block supports the following:

* `day_of_week` - (Optional) The day of week for maintenance window. Defaults to `0`.

* `start_hour` - (Optional) The day of week for maintenance window. Defaults to `0`.

* `start_minute` - (Optional) The start minute for maintenance window. Defaults to `0`.

---

A `sku` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The SKU Name for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Possible values are `Standard_B1ms`, `Standard_B2s`, `Standard_D2s_v3`, `Standard_D4s_v3`, `Standard_D8s_v3`, `Standard_D16s_v3`, `Standard_D32s_v3`, `Standard_D48s_v3`, `Standard_D64s_v3`, `Standard_E2s_v3`, `Standard_E4s_v3`, `Standard_E8s_v3`, `Standard_E16s_v3`, `Standard_E32s_v3`, `Standard_E48s_v3`, `Standard_E64s_v3`.

* `tier` - (Required) The SKU tier for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Possible values are `Burstable`, `GeneralPurpose`, or `MemoryOptimized`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

> * `byok_enforcement` - The status showing whether the data encryption is enabled with a customer-managed key.

Reviewer: why is this byok when its talking about cmk? should it be
```suggestion
* `cmk_enabled` - The status showing whether the data encryption is enabled with a customer-managed key.
```
